miss
Are you mad?
Hmm
I'm angry because I didn't slap the parent just now.
Let him talk nonsense
Thank you. Thank you for believing in me.
Zhu Yuxuan
You are my husband
Get some sleep
And I'm sure you all know that.
Transformer is broken
After the village committee studies
Ask all villagers to pool together a piece of money to replace it
8 people in our family, one dollar per person is 8 yuan.
That's too much.
The Zhou family uses electricity to sin
The Zhou family should take the lead
Yes, we are, the transformer will break.
Maybe it's the Zhou family's electricity
I think you're right.
To replace the transformer, the Zhou family should pay a lot
How do you come?
These are the new parents in our village
Miss everyone's suggestion, did you hear it?
Is it okay?
If there is a problem, our house uses a lot of electricity.
But we also pay more
If you have evidence to prove that there is more household electricity per week
The transformer that just burned out
My Zhou family is responsible to the end